hi you guys welcome back to my channel
April here and it is officially 2019 so
we made it it's here and I thought today
that I would do a get to know me tag and
just let you guys get to know me because
I've mostly done educational videos
informational videos as it pertains to
your health as a petite but I want to
bring our relationship to the next level
I wanna get some of you so let's do it
today do you like this video please give
it a like and subscribe and officially
starting in 2019 I won't be releasing
more videos more regularly so you can
look forward to a video from smolitics
once every week okay okay so I've just
pulled up this random get to know me tag
on the interwebs and I'm just gonna run
through the questions that I think are
interesting so yeah let's do it huh what
is your full name you guys already know
it's April Whitney
it's April Victoria Whitney and this is
what is your name mean kind of a good
story a funny story a lot of people ask
me oh your name is April so you must be
born in April and I'm like yeah
obviously I don't know not to offend
anyone
it's I don't know any April that's not
born in April so but the Victoria does
have a good story I was supposed to be
born in on st. Patty's Day in March and
I was a few weeks late I was born April
2nd and so my parents decide to name me
April Victoria as an in April victory
but of course April Victoria is like a
really mom first name so they were just
like we'll just call her April where did
you grow up / where were you born I was
born in Connecticut
it's in a very small little town but
comfortable in a very small little town
in the northwest corner that nobody's
heard out so what I'm tell you and fun
fact
in this town we had no cell service we
had internet we had no cell service so
ever had landlines and I mean that was
what that was like a time when everyone
had the landline plus the cell phone but
we just had the landlines we had cell
phones if you're gonna like leave the
town but there was you couldn't there
was no reception at home you just
couldn't use them and it was actually I
think this I think this is yeah back
then I remember so i messaging so
there's just SMS there's no iMessage
like I there weren't even iPhones oh I
had like an LG I had like I don't have
some like flip up phone I mean like it
was fun it was a good time honestly but
I think I actually had the one it was
like the t-mobile and it like would flip
up and you could like walk around middle
school loser
the SMS was the only forum text
messaging text messaging was brand new
thing when I was in middle school and
everyone was on AIM right you guys
remember that like if you're born in
like an early 90s baby everyone was on
SMS I mean sorry we're on AOL a
messenger and text messaging then
started to take over except I didn't
have text messaging because I did not
have cellular service and iMessage I
remember the day I message started I got
I think it was in high school at that
point I had an iPhone and someone sent
me a text and I got it and I heard my
phone going ding and I was like oh my
god generally scream my sister was like
we got a text message it was in a text
message it was an iMessage which uses
Wi-Fi and they were like the first ones
to release messaging with Wi-Fi only
without cellular data so fun story like
that was my childhood there was a very
in a woodsy area of Connecticut super
beautiful honestly that's a huge thing
that I miss about it's just a big part
of me that kind of is missing from New
York and if you live in a city and you
grew up in a rural
area you can probably relate to just how
constructing a city can sometimes feel
like the fact that I cannot look my eyes
like I can't see anything that's far
away like you can't gaze into the
distance in the city there's too much
stuff up close like everything's always
in your face so I do need to get out of
the city regularly I try to get out once
a week that does not happen it's more
like once a month because life but yeah
that's where I grew up oh this list is
getting into it now like it's not even
like it's not even like playing anymore
what are your favorite things actually
let me I'll get to that one who did you
look up to growing up my sister I have
an older sister we're either five or six
years apart hanging on what age we are
and she was always everything to me
I looked up to her so much even though
we're pretty different in terms of our
interests are we have the same sense of
humor just get out we love hanging out
and I just always want to be like her
okay now it's getting into the deeper
questions what are your favorite things
about yourself honestly guys I'm not
here to brag but I've done a lot of a
lot of inner inside work to love myself
and I love myself like I I really love
my personality I love that I'm a hard
worker that I have crazy high
expectations something I've worked on
myself in the last few years since
starting a company of course is not
being a perfectionist which I've tackled
head-on and I'm able to release things
when they're 80% done not 100% on but
still say I can have a hundred percent
of myself
to this work and I 100% into the 80%
done mark that's how you can get done
that's the rule I I live by now I love
that I I have an attitude that I could
pretty much do anything I set my mind to
with of course being a competitive
fencer I'm not sure if you guys know I
was a competitive athlete at the
international level my goal is going
Olympics for 18 years and I'm on a break
right now it's the first break I've
really taken in my whole life and
yeah just at a young age being a sword
fighter being nine years old and petite
and carrying a weapon and knowing how to
use it
that was pretty empowering so the things
that I love about myself are probably my
my inner strength I just I feel
resilient
I am resilient and I'm also I'm not
afraid to own the mat about myself
another thing I do like about myself I'm
very loving and supportive I really
really tried to raise everyone who's
around me up and give them as much of my
energy that I can go sure your parents
are you closest to or are you more like
I'm close with both my parents I've
always been very open with them they've
cultivated this amazing this amazing
loving environment at a young age where
we could talk openly about stuff like
sex and insecurities you know hopes and
dreams fears and I want to say my mom
was the one who really made that set
that precedent and I'm really grateful
for that because I'm able to really
communicate with my friends and my in my
relationship with Gary better because
I've been able to learn how to openly
talk about these things from a young age
I'm definitely more like my mom she is
super my mommy is she is uh she's a
go-getter she's very determined she's
always right she is enough that I'm
always right my mom is always right wins
every argument argumentative
and then my dad and my sisters more like
my dad they are they're just more go
with the flow me my mom more like get it
done you know so I try to learn that
side for my dad but I'm more inherently
like wired to always be on if you know
what I mean what is your best physical
feature hmm honestly I haven't thought
about this question in a really long
time I don't know I guess I don't really
think about that anymore I mean when
you've been an athlete when you
your fitness journey for so long you're
not doing it anymore for the physical
fur like a particular to feel good about
yourself you're not like Pollock I'm
insecure about this I'm gonna work on
that at least I'm not like that I'm
working out for my overall health now um
I guess my best physical future I love
my smile I I don't know why I said that
like a question I do love my smile I
like my bum I've always had a bum that
was nice
and it would actually wasn't always the
great thing because I don't know if you
guys remember but pre Kardashian years
bums were not cute like it was not fine
in middle school everyone said I had a
big butt it was from fencing I was
fencing is fencing you're holding a
squat position all day it's you've got
it you're gonna have strong boots as an
athlete you're you know training and
yeah everyone was like oh he was such a
big butt I would be made fun of like
people dick slap it it was kind of bad
and then in high school like in college
like the flip the script totally flipped
as you guys know like women's bodies
they just go so in and out of style it's
so unfair and and wrong but um yeah so I
guess my but but that's more just
something I've always identified with
what inspires you ooh love this question
what inspires me powerful women women
and men who are who own themselves like
have you guys ever you guys ever meet
someone and they're so comfortable in
their skin like they're just mmm they're
just like fully stepped into them their
skin so I think it's really inspiring
when you meet someone who is just like
so dang comfortable in their body I also
am really inspired by people who are
passionate I don't care if you're
passionate about like pipe cleaners or
like that I don't know what name Arts
and Crafts yeah I don't care what it is
that you're passionate about if I meet
someone and they're like just insanely
passionate about something I think it is
so cool look I want them around my
circle because passionate people do
they get stuff done they they push
creativity to its limits they release
fresh content if they're into that I
just think when someone is like a little
weird or has like a really fiery passion
you're gonna see cool things from them
you're gonna be in spiraling around them
so yeah what has required the most
courage of you and your life so far
mmm I'm gonna say two things that are
relevant to me today
um taking a break from my sport was
really hard for me hi
my identity was very much attached to it
I mean just to give you guys a picture
of what my life is like when I was
competing at that level and this started
in when I was nine years old and then
all the way through college after
college working a full-time job in the
corporate space I was traveling every
weekend to a place in the United States
or a foreign country like not a cool
foreign country like not I'm not gonna
say many countries but like obscure
places around the world fencing in World
Cups or international events and it was
a lot of money it was very hard to
mentally stay on top of it and my
identity one of the reasons why I was
still doing it was because I was I was
so caught in a future idea about myself
that I would be somewhere that I I had
to keep going and fencing until I need
it or something even though it wasn't
what I want it wasn't making me happy
anymore wasn't bringing me joy and so in
this past summer I offense my last
national event brought my mom with me
because my mom traveled me everywhere
for these events it really brought
clothes made us best friends and I was
like this might be the last one for a
while I mean I'm on a break
extended break but I'm loving my life
now and I don't know I don't think I'm
gonna go back but the courage it took me
to finally say okay I'm done I'm not
doing this for anyone anymore
I'm not doing it for anyone I'm I'm
quitting because
no I have to quit right now that was
really emotionally hard for me and I
know a lot of other offenders who have
quit and it was just like I'm done with
this piece that was not my experience it
was very hard the other time that I feel
like I exhibited a lot of courage was
starting small etics I had a very cushy
job in pharmaceuticals in Manhattan and
I was very miserable and I decided that
I always had this dream I want to help
petite women I want to make this a
reality for us not to mention there's so
much science fact behind fitness for
petites like that's not getting put out
into the world I really felt a calling
to be that source of inspiration and
knowledge for you guys and I quit my job
and started it and that was pretty scary
but I'm here now and I'm gonna never
take it back what's your favorite song
of all time love this question my
favorite song of all time is float on by
Modest Mouse I wish I could play an era
but then copyright people will flog me
but go look it up every time I just have
this weird thing about this song every
time I am in a sad state I'll hear it
it's so weird saying you guys like I'll
be in a grocery store if I'm like not
feeling well or something and
something's bothering me and the song
comes on we're like and it's been since
I was really really young and a Modest
Mouse I just I love their music at a
young age I don't think I love them have
I found them today for the first time
but yeah I just loved that alternative
rock I loved I loved their sound I loved
the emotion and the weirdness of them
when I was a kid and she had that so my
favorite song to date I could listen to
it and it changed my whole mood this is
interesting
are you high maintenance I'm not high
maintenance from a typical glamorous way
I mean I'm wearing makeup right now
probably wear this much makeup like once
a week maybe less
what's today's I don't wear makeup in
like a glam like girly way I'm not like
I can go a week without hair dryer
whatever I don't need like the stuff the
material stuff but I'm high maintenance
and
I'm hard to please I have pretty high
expectations of my friends and my family
and my boyfriend Gary if you were
sitting here he would tell you no I
that's not to say I'm demanding I'm not
demanding in a cruel way I'm just I want
high energy around me I want to see I
want to see people achieve a success
that they want for themselves and when
they I'm just saying I'm encouraging I
would say I I really really push my
friends and my family to step into
themselves and only if they communicate
it that's what they want if they don't
want to that's okay I'm not telling
anybody how to live their life but
sometimes people come to me and they
will they talk my friends my you know
Gary I share our passions our dreams all
the time and we're constantly trying to
figure out how we can get to the next
level and help each other so I don't let
my friends slack I am high maintenance
in that I don't
I will hold people accountable for
showing up in the world in the way that
they would like to and if they express
that to me does that make sense
are you more likely to avoid conflict or
engage it head-on I'm very direct
if you haven't figured that out already
I will engage head-on in a very honest
open and non-judgmental way I don't want
to make anyone feel bad it's always just
just to be a better communicator I don't
see it as confrontational and in the
like argumentative way I see it as just
direct oh I like this question can you
close your eyes and raise your eyebrows
that's not even that hard come on bring
it can you touch your nose with your
tongue absolutely not not even try you
guys I can do actually I'm not gonna
show you okay I'll show you I can do
this thing with my tongue do you have a
lot of friends or a small group of close
friends I am more of a small group a
small group of close friends rather than
I in college I had a wider circle and I
was more social in terms of it was more
of a priority for me to have a bigger
group
friends I was less close with but now
that I'm in New York and time is very
limited I'm running my own business I
also don't have that many co-workers I
do have co-workers but I'm not I'm not
seeing them every day from age five I
just kept my best friends close to me
and a lot of them don't even know each
other and it's a small group like I
could probably it's like one hand or
maybe six people seven maybe less
yeah so I'm definitely more of the
one-on-one close knit friends you can
really count on and can count on you
what is your star sign I think that's
astrology right I'm an Aries I fit the
areas like I am literally the exact
definition of an Aries like fire sign
competitive assertive and a fiercely
independent yeah yeah what is something
you look for in a partner great question
so I do have a boyfriend his name is
Gary
he is a ex professional tennis player
and now he is coaching full-time he
pretty much has all the qualities of
someone in someone that I would want to
be with in a long-term way we've been
together almost four years now
we met on hinge of all places but dating
app and there I was on the dating app
because back then I was so this was my
schedule back when I met Gary wake up
fence or workout go to work for 10 hours
and then afterwards I would go to
fencing practice and fence more and then
I would come home and eat and crash that
was my life and I did not want to date
another fencer because I had known them
all since very young age I did not want
to date my coworkers and when else was I
really gonna meet anyone like with that
schedule so I would went on hinge and
Gary was the very first date I went on
hinge I went on dates before that on
other apps but he was like the first one
on hinge and yeah we started dating very
soon afterwards a few months after and
it's been great ever since we lived
together in this apartment and yeah so
much would you ever consider living
abroad I actually did live abroad I went
to Spain I live in Sevilla Spain and the
south of Spain for six months it was
pretty crazy time I will tell you this
small story at the time I went abroad I
had a boyfriend he broke up with me
about a few weeks into my abroad trip
which left me brokenhearted
in the middle of a foreign country
staying with a SAN family so I had a
Spanish mom no one spoke English and
what I decided to do was go back to the
one thing I knew which was fencing and I
started fencing at this local club in
Seville and Seville is pretty it's a
city but it's it's more rural than other
Spanish cities it's not like Madrid it's
not as international it's pretty Spanish
and I was also going to the Universidad
de Sevilla which was full Spanish
classes taking philosophy classes so I
made it hard for myself when he let's
just say the transition was super tough
and I met a fencer there who basically
made my time there so much easier
because fencing is sort of like a
language it's a sport and you don't have
to be speak you don't have to be able to
speak the same language to play together
so I was able to play and express myself
and communicate non-verbally which was
such a beautiful thing that this word
was able to give me I could make friends
that way instead of you know at first
and then I obviously became fluent
pretty fluent by the end I still
understand like 95% of Spanish but my my
recall of vocabulary is very bad so if I
go to try to respond
it's like or well I feel bad for people
and I I don't even try I should probably
get back into it but I think I can watch
Spanish TV
I just can't respond I can't express
complex things or communicate my humor
very easily anymore which is a bummer
what is the worst grade you got on a
test oh my god you guys but actually
that brings like the scariest most
horrific story
tulay I dropped out of this class this
was animal physiology I took my first we
call them prelims at Cornell took my
first midterm real um I got a I think I
got a 8% you holy I remember why I
block inside of a memory I got an eight
flippin percent and then the teacher
came on stage and was like the average
was 15% and her like it was like it was
really low as a 12 percent was like the
median average and so I got a B because
there was only like a few points below
the average or the highest grade I can't
remember how they do that like I've been
out of college for a while but yeah my
heart like dropped and it like came back
to life in that like ten seconds I also
dropped out that class was like I'm not
gonna be in a class where the average is
like less than a 15% that's so hard like
that's just too much
oh also I would do it if it was
something I loved but I knew I was
moving out of the sciences and into I
actually transferred into the College of
Arts and Sciences which is the liberal
liberal arts college to study science
and technology studies which was exactly
what I loved I'm sort of a nerd I I
really loved philosophy science I loved
studying about technology and culture
and art and like the fusion of the three
which is how I ended up in
pharmaceuticals actually I was a
copywriter so my job was in the creative
department to like take science and make
it fun so I'm actually really good at
that I just don't love it in a corporate
sense so yeah that was my worst grade
ever what is something you wish your
gifts are doing probably YouTube what is
the last book you read
I just finished the abundance projects
by there
ride doll Riddell incredible book
because the abundance mindset that book
is all about creating the conditions for
you to thrive just within your own head
and yeah I would highly recommend that
book and one of my goals for 2018 is to
listen to one book a month on an audio
format because reading I don't have time
for so yeah that's the first one I read
actually read it in December so for
January I think I'm gonna read a book on
creativity I'm not sure yet how many
good wrecks let me know so guys if you
are liking and enjoying this video so
far I would love it if you gave it a
like and subscribe for future videos I'm
gonna do a few more questions and then
we'll wrap it up what is your strongest
sense this is funny you guys I have this
uncanny nose it's like it sounds cool no
no there's not so cool it's just really
weird
I remember my old house growing up we
had a dog and a cat and if the dog food
anywhere in the half a minute I set foot
in our house I would know what room if
he pooped and at what exact room he
pooped in like I could smell it it is so
weird I've always had like very high
sensory um very high sensory I guess
sensitivity and this even brought me to
like I would not leave the house as a
child without one massive Sun Hat and
sunglasses is like I was a little freak
and even at the doctor even now whenever
I go into the doctor they're like holy
crap your pupils are huge and they're
probably small naps I have a light on
and it closes my pupils but naturally my
peoples are large like my eyes with
sometimes just like look black and they
literally are open wider than other
people so they let in a lot more
sunlight which is why I have to like I
can't look in any photo someone takes
outside I'm like like I'm the squinting
Queen I can like you cannot force my I
could not well I've tried so hard you
got no the struggle is so real trying to
take like a nice outdoor Instagram
picture because I would just be like
everything's on point and then my eyes
you just like if you could give your
younger self any advice what would it be
I don't know like it's almost my contact
it's almost like another way of asking
to have any regrets which I don't but I
think I would just encourage my own self
to not be afraid it's just not I just
remember high school is hard for me I
was travelling like crazy for fencing
which means I missed out a lot of social
events prom parties and I had friends
but I was I scare a lot about what
people thought of me and it took me a
while to grow out of that I think I
would just go back and just tell myself
like just beat you just do you which is
really hard to do in high school but
that is that makes life a lot easier I
know that comes naturally to some people
and other people have to work at it but
I also don't regret that it took me a
while to step into myself and I'm still
working on it I'm still being myself
because I think you have to really I was
talking about this on Instagram the
other day you have to grow through
things to get to the destination like
they say every flower goes through dirt
I really think you have to go through
there the only way there is through you
can't go around you got to have these
life experiences to get to that place so
I would just encourage myself to keep
going because I wouldn't want to be
anywhere else other than where I am
today all right I'm looking for one
final question to wrap this bad boy up
which one should I choose would you
rather do cardio or lift weights that's
appropriate right lift weights brawls
lifting weights is so much more
empowering and important for us petite
woman and I won't get into that right
now but of course I'm so many videos on
that I love strength training it's
totally transformed my life I've done
that fitness note thank you guys so much
for watching this was really fun I hope
you enjoy getting to know me a little
bit better if you have any questions you
can drop them below and please give this
video a like and a thumbs up and
same thing and start subscribe I'm not
gonna try it again and I'll see you guys
next time bye
[Music]